It's a good thing for parents.
The people in the village were worried about it.
So they bought a kimono for him.
He said it was a stupid thing to do.
But he remembered it well.
He was so excited that he was wearing a funny costume.
He was walking around the town.
High school, high school.
The original name of the school was...
Kandaraji.
What? Who's that?
It was a high school.
The other day, a parent gave a gift to a servant.
The people in the village were selling candy.
It was stupid.
But it was a high school.
They cared for one mother.
That candy was enough to make a child a high school student.
I'll buy it for you.
Give me one candy.
I'll give you one.
The candy was so good that it was sold out.
It rained and it was windy.
The people in the village were walking around the town.
They heard a sound.
High school, high school.
The original name of the school was...
Tomosaki.
It was a long time ago.
I don't know who he was.
Come here.
I met him.
He was a good boy.
Please excuse me.
I'm a passerby.
I'm Yotaro.
I'm a parent.
I got a gift from a servant.
The people in the village were worried.
I'm sorry.
What is it?
I'm not a relative.
I'm a passerby.
I'm a parent.
I'm a fool.
I'm sorry.
You don't have to say that.
Come here.
I'll take you there.
It hurts.
I'm not a fool.
I'm a good boy.
I'm a parent.
The End